# Notes from discussion with Clinician

Background: we shared a number of examples of synthetic complaints
generated by GPT4o with a clinician. These are the clinician's
comments.

## Data generation process

A different type of patient. Some patients -- especially older males
-- downplay things. They've been told to go, they don't want anything
to be wrong.

Comment from JG: Yes, but this is a proxy for knowledge retrieval.

## Examples

### `undescended-testicles`

Sure, makes sense. It's the sort of presentation you would get.

Demographics is not consistent with description -- probably wouldn't
get undescended testicles coming in, in a 34-year old male. At this
age, they would know already, and it would present because they'd had
a scare.

### `tonsillitis`

This is very good. I can imagine a presentation like this.

Note that patients who are often worried unnecessarily might need to
be taken seriously conditional on their history.

As a clinician, you always have to be safe. The best thing to be sure
is to do an examination. Someone can always make something sound
dangerous, and you do need to make sure people get help if they need
it.

Notes for self: When we generate using the "hypochondriac" but "not
urgent" we should remove those complaints that would raise red flags.

### `cluster`

This one you'd refer urgently.

Actually, these questions are rather like MRCP tests (where there's a
little vignette and then a set of multiple-choice questions).

## Overall

One thing that might be useful is past Med papers. It crowdsources
these questions.
